===Version 0.6.3===
 
 * Spellcheck with hunspell (US English only for now.).
 * Universal Linux installer.
 * Fixed some bugs (and produced new ones).

===Version 0.6.2===

 * Printing support.
 * Spellcheck with aspell.
 * Background images.
 * Transparent statusbar.
 * File association with .txr files. 
 * Restoring all settings to defaults.
 * Plain text only or rich text options.
 * More polished Options dialog.

===Version 0.6.1===

 * basic rich text editing: bold, italic, underline, and changing font, font size and color
 * configurable statusbar colors and fonts
 * configurable editor width and height
 * configurable behavior: full-screen on/off, auto save, flow mode (disable delete and backspace keys), load last document on startup, remember position in text for the last file
 * insert current time and/or date in a configurable fashion
 * live word count for all text and selected text
 * live character count option
 * configurable page count option
 * live clock on statusbar
 * targets: setting deadline from a graphical calendar
 * targets: setting a target word count
 * targets: setting short deadlines to write in minutes
 * keyboard shortcuts for the most common tasks (if you start the program for the first time, just press F1 for help)
 * typing sounds similar to a typewriter which can be disabled.
 * may be cross-platform: We are only supporting *Linux* right now. Because we don't have Windows or MacOSX. 

 <b>If you are interested in or has done compiling !TextRoom on a Windows or Mac, please contact us.</b>

===Shortcuts===

 * F1 ----------- Help screen
 * F2 ----------- Options and Settings screen.
 * F3 ----------- About
 * F5 ----------- Check Spelling, clear spell check
 * F11 ---------- Fullscreen on/off
 * Escape ------- Quit or exit fullscreen, close About and Help dialogs 
 * Ctrl+M ------- Minimize TextRoom
 * Ctrl+Q ------- Quit

 * Ctrl+N ------- New
 * Ctrl+O ------- Open
 * Ctrl+S ------- Save
 * Ctrl+Shift+S - Save As
 * Ctrl+P ------- Print

 * Ctrl+X ------- Cut
 * Ctrl+C ------- Copy
 * Ctrl+V ------- Paste
 * Ctrl+A ------- Select All
 * Ctrl+Z ------- Undo
 * Ctrl+Shift+Z - Redo

 * Ctrl+W ------- Change the current format
 * Ctrl+B ------- Bold
 * Ctrl+I ------- Italic
 * Ctrl+Up/Down - Change font size

 * Shift+F4 ----- Go back to cursor position
 * Ctrl+F ------- Find
 * F4 ----------- Find Next
 * Ctrl+F4 ------ Find previous

 * Ctrl+D ------- Insert Date
 * Ctrl+T ------- Insert Time