#summary Requirements and installation.
#labels Phase-Deploy,Featured

= Introduction =

These generic instructions are Linux specific. The editor may or may not work under other operating systems (this is yet to be tested).

To compile TextRoom on Linux, you will need the *Qt4 development libraries (ver. 4.3.2 or later)*. To hear the sounds you will need *libsdl 1.2.13 and libsdl-mixer 1.2.8*. 

Windows port includes the necessary libraries.

= Details =

[http://code.google.com/p/textroom/downloads/list Download] the latest version of TextRoom. Drop to command line and type:

{{{
tar xzvf ./textroom-xxx.tar.gz
}}}

to unarchive, followed by:

{{{
cd ./textroom-xxx
}}}

Then execute:

{{{
qmake-qt4
}}}

and

{{{
make
}}}

to compile the editor. After successful compilation, you may start TextRoom simply by typing _bin/textroom_ (not recommended). Or, to install it system wide, type as root:

{{{
make install
}}}

which will place a copy of the executable file in _/usr/local/bin_. Start the editor by typing:

{{{
textroom
}}}

or clicking the menu icon under Office.

and press F1 for help.

= Uninstallation =

If you've installed TextRoom from the deb package, there should be an entry in synaptic. But if there isn't you can remove the package by typing 
{{{sudo apt-get remove textroom}}}
in a terminal.

If you've installed from the Linux Installer, there isn't an uninstaller. But you can remove the files by rm commands in a terminal, which are:
{{{
sudo rm /usr/bin/textroom
sudo rm /usr/share/applications/TextRoom.desktop
sudo rm -r /usr/local/share/textroom
sudo rm /usr/share/pixmaps/textroom.png
}}}

Those are all the files of textroom.

If you've installed from source code, you can do 
{{{sudo make uninstall}}}
in the source code directory. If you've removed the source code, you can download and untar the source from the TextRoom site, and in the source directory again 
{{{qmake-qt4 && make && sudo make uninstall}}}