#summary To-Do List and Wishlist for TextRoom.
#labels Featured

=What Is This?=

This isn't a roadmap, because I suck at following roadmaps. Just my notes and wishes about !TextRoom.

This page was created on *4.16.2010*.

----

==By Priority==

===High===

 * Add spellcheck. (Since we are no more developing for Windows, for now at least.)
 * Add file associations for Gnome, KDE and XFCE at least. (A universal solution would be great.)
 * Make a universal Linux installer with dependency check and uninstaller. (A Bash script of course. More bugs.)

----

===Medium===

 * Add cursor settings.
 * Add line indent feature back. (Find a less resource hungry method.)
 * Make a .txr format with information about files. (Compressed with a properties.xml file? Similar to .odt? CSS? More dependencies?)
 * The above means, add file-specific settings.

----

===Low===

 * Add restoring to defaults feature.
 * Add RTF support? (An html2rtf script? C++ code? Get from word processors? More dependencies?)
 * Add line and paragraph spacing? (Outside Qt? More dependencies?)
 * Add printing support with formatting options. (PDF export? More dependencies?)

----

===Optional===

 * Add a project manager.
 * Add editing multiple documents ability. (Buffers? Tabbed interface?) 
 * Add a background picture feature. (Possible in Qt? I guess.)
 * Add encryption support. (More dependencies for sure.)
 * Add installing and using different sound files feature. (Sound file packages could be separately downloaded.)
 * Make a proprietary version? (Nah, I don't think so, but I wish. It's possible by the way, Qt and SDL are LGPL.)

----