===What Is This?===

This isn't a roadmap, because I suck at following roadmaps. Just my notes and wishes about !TextRoom. I will try to update this page frequently, if I can. If you have any wishes or feature requests for !TextRoom, just leave a comment. 

This page was created on 4.16.2010.

 <u><b>Underlined Bold</b></u> indicates that I'm *working on* the entry.

 <b>Bold</b> indicates that I'm *exploring the feasibility* of the entry.

 ~~Strikeout~~ indicates that the entries are *completed or given up*. 

----

===By Priority===

====High====

 * ~~Add spellcheck. (Since we are no more developing for Windows, for now at least.) Aspell?~~ Added aspell, but it marks many right words as misspelled. Why? I have to work on it more. Update: Aspell doesn't work as expected.
 * ~~Add file associations for Gnome, KDE and XFCE at least. (A universal solution would be great.)~~ Done on 4.18.2010 with xdg-mime.
 * Make a universal Linux installer with dependency check and uninstaller. (A Bash script of course. More bugs.)

----

====Medium====

 * Add cursor settings.
 * Add line indent feature back. (Find a less resource hungry method.)
 * <b>Make a .txr format with information about files.</b> ~~(Compressed with a properties.xml file? Similar to .odt? CSS? More dependencies?)~~ <b>No, compression brings dependencies. I can put the file information into html as xml instead.</b>
 * The above means, add file-specific settings.

----

====Low====

 * ~~Add restoring to defaults feature. (QSettings just behave oddly.)~~ Done on 4.18.2010.
 * ~~Add RTF support? (An html2rtf script? C++ code? Get from word processors? More dependencies?)~~ Given up on 4.17.2010. Anyway, all word processors can deal with html. Why bother with file formats when we have a highly compatible format already? This brings giving up printing too.
 * Add line and paragraph spacing? (Outside Qt? More dependencies? Stylesheets?)
 * ~~Add printing support with formatting options. (PDF export? More dependencies?)~~ Given up on 4.17.2010. implemented on 4.18.2010. Added printing support. Actually it was a breeze with Qt. I still don't know what it is good for, but it's there.
 * Add link support.
 * Add image support? (Put the images in compressed .txr?)
 * ~~Add Plain Text Only option.~~ Added on 4.18.2010
 * ~~Make new About Screen.~~ Done on 4.18.2010. Some shortcuts are changed.

----

====Optional====

 * Add a project manager.
 * Add ability to edit multiple documents. (Buffers? Tabbed interface?) 
 * Add encryption support. (More dependencies for sure.)

----

====Fancy====

 * Make a proprietary version? (Nah, I don't think so, but I wish. It's possible by the way, Qt and SDL are LGPL.)
 * Add installing and using different sound files feature. (Sound file packages could be separately downloaded.)
 * ~~Add a background picture feature. (Possible in Qt? I guess.)~~ Implemented on 4.18.2010 in v0.6.2.